Oh your overview and we want to go a
little bit around basics to get used to
the car get used to the lake get used to
the ice we are also going a little bit
deeper into the basics having also some
games some small competitions for you
prepared and at the end we are also
going on the tricks and then we are
happy and then you are happy and then we
have a lot of fun
we invited journalists to experience the
technology and innovation of the new
golf in the middle of Sweden on an C we
are actually on a on a lake here right
now over the course of three days they
are then able to drive on a track which
is right now five kilometres on ice by
themselves and experience the new golf
there's a lot of fun the performance is
just unbelievable the handling and the
right of the vehicle is awesome it's
absolutely fun I mean it's probably one
of the best experiences I ever had in my
life here in Sweden
try to shoot the ball as far as we can
that means with a reverse hitting with
the front exert and then getting the
maximum momentum was maximum speed and
maximum turning
it's quite a new adventure this is one
of a kind and I hope we can make more
more of it each year any time there are
new model and be excited to do it again
and again it's been quite fun
seriously good I've been looking forward
to it this is something I've actually
wanted to do for a long time the golf
has been a fantastic little car more
than enough power it's a little rocket
out on the ice
you know that's as much as you need and
seems well built it's strong it was
really impressive one
the program itself do the car this is
150 PS turbo diesel is really really
efficient the car management entirely in
terms of dynamics traction everything
was really good and the team behind the
car also was very positive
you